Migrate polybft e2e framework to edge (#797)
0xPolygon/polygon-edge: e2e-polybft/README.md

# End-to-End testing

The implemented E2E tests start a local instance of V3.

> As such, they require the binary 'borv3' to be available in the $PATH variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As such, they require the binary 'polygon-edge' to be available in the $PATH variable.
```

Anyhow, I'm not sure anymore how the client is called, PoS v3, Edge v3...? :smile:

## Step 1: Build the polygon-edge

```bash

> go build -o borv3 cmd/borv3/main.go && mv borv3 $GOPATH/bin

Reviewer: Just revise if I've put everything right here:
```suggestion
go build -race -o artifacts/polygon-edge . && mv artifacts/polygon-edge $GOPATH/bin
```
